feat(interface management): add section to manage your services (#7497)
ovh/docs: pages/public_cloud/compute/03-public-cloud-interface-walk-me/guide.en-gb.md

|**Contacts and Rights**|In addition to changing the technical contact or billing contact for your project, you will have the option of [adding other contacts](/pages/public_cloud/compute/change_project_contacts) (OVHcloud account) to manage your project technically. You can also add users in read-only mode.|
|**Project settings**|With this tool, you can configure the project’s general settings, such as its name, its configuration as a "default project for the account", HDS compatibility, or [delete your Public Cloud project](/pages/public_cloud/compute/delete_a_project).|

### Services management

> > [!info]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!primary]
```

>

> > In this section, we present an overview of the different service management options offered by OVHcloud, through three main tools: the OVHcloud Control Panel, Horizon and the Openstack API. Each of these tools has been designed to meet specific needs according to level of expertise, management preferences, and performance and customization requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In this section, we present an overview of the different service management options offered by OVHcloud, through three main tools: the OVHcloud Control Panel, Horizon and the OpenStack API. Each of these tools has been designed to meet specific needs according to your level of expertise, management preferences, and performance and customization requirements.
```

>
> The matrix below compares the key features of each tool to help you choose the solution best suited to your needs. Whether you're a beginner, intermediate user or automation expert, this comparison will help you better understand the benefits, ease of use, skill levels required, and scalability of each tool.
>

| Criteria/Characteristics                   | OVHcloud Control Panel | Horizon | Openstack API |
| ------------------------------------------ | ---------------------- | ------- | ------------- |
| Key benefits | Intuitive interface, ideal for quick start-up. | Increased control for experienced users, with an advanced view of parameters. | Complete automation, with seamless integration with other tools.
| Skill level required                       | Accessible to all, ideal for beginners or simple needs | Intermediate, requires some expertise (System Administrators, Cloud Engineers, etc.) | Advanced, requires scripting/API skills (Cloud Architects, DevOps Engineers, Automation Experts) |
| Ease of use                                | Intuitive and accessible | Advanced but visual | Technical |

> | Personalization                            | Low - Ideal for fast, standard configurations, with limited advanced control. |  Medium - Graphical interface offering advanced settings (network, storage, etc.), albeit restricted by the user interface. | Very high - Virtually complete customization via API, with the ability to create scripts, automated workflows and customized architectures. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Customisation                            | Low - Ideal for fast, standard configurations, with limited advanced control. |  Medium - Graphical interface offering advanced settings (network, storage, etc.), albeit restricted by the user interface. | Very high - Virtually complete customization via API, with the ability to create scripts, automated workflows and customized architectures. |
```

> | Performance and scalability                | Limited performance and basic scalability. Suitable for small or non-critical deployments. Scalability is generally manual and slower. Ideal for static environments or small projects. | Average performance with improved scalability management via GUI. Faster scalability than Manager, but limited by the interface. Suitable for medium-sized projects or those requiring scalability. |  Optimal performance and complete scalability. Enables rapid, automated mass deployments via scripts or third-party tools. Ideal for dynamic infrastructures, heavy loads and environments requiring high elasticity. Recommended for mission-critical architectures. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Performance and scalability                | Limited performance and basic scalability. Suitable for small or non-critical deployments. Scalability is generally manual and slower. Ideal for static environments or small projects. | Average performance with improved scalability management via GUI. Faster scalability than in the OVHcloud Control Panel, but limited by the interface. Suitable for medium-sized projects or those requiring scalability. |  Optimal performance and complete scalability. Enables rapid, automated mass deployments via scripts or third-party tools. Ideal for dynamic infrastructures, heavy loads and environments requiring high elasticity. Recommended for mission-critical architectures. |
```

> | Perimeters of use (Compute)                | - Simplified creation and management of virtual machines (VMs).<br> - Resize VMs after creation (hot or cold modification of the flavor model, depending on available resources).<br> - Select standard VM configurations (RAM, CPU, storage).<br> - Management of essential actions: start, stop and delete VMs.<br> - Access to snapshots for fast backups and simplified restores.<br> - Assign and manage floating IP addresses.<br> - Creation and basic administration of additional disks.<br> - Essential resource monitoring (CPU, memory, storage). | - Advanced access management: support for role-based access control (RBAC) for secure multi-user management.<br> - Advanced network administration: creation and management of complex private networks associated with VMs (internal networks, subnets).<br> - Deploy VMs with specific network configurations, including management of multiple network interfaces.<br> - Use of customized images for VM creation, as an alternative to the standard images offered by OVHcloud.<br> - Integration of pre-configured workflows via Horizon to automate deployment and configuration. | - Complete automation: all actions available in Manager and Horizon can be carried out via the API, with the option of automating and scripting them.<br> - Infrastructure deployment in Infrastructure as Code (IaC) mode, using tools such as Terraform, Ansible or customized scripts.<br> - Integration with CI/CD pipelines for automated deployments (e.g. integration with GitLab CI).<br> - Advanced resource quota management (number of CPUs, total RAM, etc.).<br> - Dynamic scalability: automatic adjustment of instances according to load via API or scripts.<br> - Monitoring and collection of customized metrics via API, offering greater granularity than Horizon or Manager interfaces. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Perimeters of use (Compute)                | - Simplified creation and management of virtual machines (VMs).<br> - Resize VMs after creation (hot or cold modification of the flavor model, depending on available resources).<br> - Select standard VM configurations (RAM, CPU, storage).<br> - Management of essential actions: start, stop and delete VMs.<br> - Access to snapshots for fast backups and simplified restores.<br> - Assign and manage Floating IP addresses.<br> - Creation and basic administration of additional disks.<br> - Essential resource monitoring (CPU, memory, storage). | - Advanced access management: support for role-based access control (RBAC) for secure multi-user management.<br> - Advanced network administration: creation and management of complex private networks associated with VMs (internal networks, subnets).<br> - Deploy VMs with specific network configurations, including management of multiple network interfaces.<br> - Use of customised images for VM creation, as an alternative to the standard images offered by OVHcloud.<br> - Integration of pre-configured workflows via Horizon to automate deployment and configuration. | - Complete automation: all actions available in the OVHcloud Control Panel and Horizon can be carried out via the API, with the option of automating and scripting them.<br> - Infrastructure deployment in Infrastructure as Code (IaC) mode, using tools such as Terraform, Ansible or customized scripts.<br> - Integration with CI/CD pipelines for automated deployments (e.g. integration with GitLab CI).<br> - Advanced resource quota management (number of CPUs, total RAM, etc.).<br> - Dynamic scalability: automatic adjustment of instances according to load via API or scripts.<br> - Monitoring and collection of customised metrics via API, offering greater granularity than Horizon or OVHcloud Control Panel interfaces. |
```
"Manager" is an internal designation. OVHcloud Control Panel is the public name of the interface in all our documentation.

> | Perimeters of use (Network)                | - Create and manage private networks.<br> - Association of Floating IP addresses and additional IP addresses.<br> - Basic Routing configuration. | - Advanced management of security rules via Security Groups.<br> - Visualization of network topologies for simplified management.<br> - Full IPv6 subnet support for modern connectivity.<br> - Configuration of QoS (Quality of Service) policies to prioritize network resources. | - Access to all Horizon and Manager functionalities.<br> - Create customized routes for more flexible network management.<br> - Precise configuration of QoS (Quality of Service) policies.<br> - Advanced VRRP (Virtual Router Redundancy Protocol) management to ensure router redundancy.<br> - Automation of network actions through scripting (Infrastructure as Code).<br> - Integration with SDN (Software-Defined Networking) solutions for agile network management. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Perimeters of use (Network)                | - Create and manage private networks.<br> - Association of Floating IP addresses and additional IP addresses.<br> - Basic Routing configuration. | - Advanced management of security rules via Security Groups.<br> - Visualization of network topologies for simplified management.<br> - Full IPv6 subnet support for modern connectivity.<br> - Configuration of QoS (Quality of Service) policies to prioritize network resources. | - Access to all Horizon and OVHcloud Control Panel functionalities.<br> - Create customized routes for more flexible network management.<br> - Precise configuration of QoS (Quality of Service) policies.<br> - Advanced VRRP (Virtual Router Redundancy Protocol) management to ensure router redundancy.<br> - Automation of network actions through scripting (Infrastructure as Code).<br> - Integration with SDN (Software-Defined Networking) solutions for agile network management. |
```

> | Perimeters of use (Storage & Backup)       | - Create and manage storage volumes: Object Storage, Block Storage and File Storage.<br> - Basic automatic backup (snapshots) of volumes, with the option of restoring them.<br> - Association of storage volumes with instances for simplified access.<br> - Object Storage (Swift) containers to organize data.<br> - Visualize volume status and used storage space.<br> - Add and manage files in Object Storage. | - Advanced snapshot management: retention, duplication and other options for precise backup control.<br> - Detailed multi-attach management for greater flexibility.<br> - Creation and management of scheduled backups with customizable backup policies.<br> - Monitoring of storage quota usage for optimal monitoring of available space. | - Features accessible via Horizon and Manager.<br> - Integration and automation via scripts (Infrastructure as Code) for seamless management.<br> - Advanced configuration of network shares (NFS, CIFS) for greater flexibility in file organization.<br> - Precise management of object metadata in Object Storage for optimal data control.<br> - Advanced configuration of object replication and versioning for high availability and complete version management.<br> - Direct access to Swift API for seamless integration with third-party tools.<br> - Customized workflows to automate and efficiently manage backup processes. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Perimeters of use (Storage & Backup)       | - Create and manage storage volumes: Object Storage, Block Storage and File Storage.<br> - Basic automatic backup (snapshots) of volumes, with the option of restoring them.<br> - Association of storage volumes with instances for simplified access.<br> - Object Storage (Swift) containers to organize data.<br> - Visualize volume status and used storage space.<br> - Add and manage files in Object Storage. | - Advanced snapshot management: retention, duplication and other options for precise backup control.<br> - Detailed multi-attach management for greater flexibility.<br> - Creation and management of scheduled backups with customisable backup policies.<br> - Monitoring of storage quota usage for optimal monitoring of available space. | - Features accessible via Horizon and the OVHcloud Control Panel.<br> - Integration and automation via scripts (Infrastructure as Code) for seamless management.<br> - Advanced configuration of network shares (NFS, CIFS) for greater flexibility in file organisation.<br> - Precise management of object metadata in Object Storage for optimal data control.<br> - Advanced configuration of object replication and versioning for high availability and complete version management.<br> - Direct access to Swift API for seamless integration with third-party tools.<br> - Customised workflows to automate and efficiently manage backup processes. |
```
